Prepare for integration in cardano-hw-cli (#2)
vacuumlabs/cardano-hw-interop-lib: README.md

The provided functions operate on either a:
* transaction body - only the transaction body as defined in the [shelley-ma.cddl#49](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-ledger/blob/master/eras/shelley-ma/test-suite/cddl-files/shelley-ma.cddl#L49)
* transaction - transaction as defined in the [shelley-ma.cddl#13](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-ledger/blob/master/eras/shelley-ma/test-suite/cddl-files/shelley-ma.cddl#L13)

> * raw transaction - transaction outputed by `cardano-cli transaction build-raw`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* raw transaction - transaction outputted by `cardano-cli transaction build-raw`
```

Author: Fixed

### `parse`
Parses a CBOR encoded input into a `TransactionBody`, `Transaction` or `RawTransaction`, respectively. If the CBOR is malformed the parser will throw an error. Available methods:
```ts
parseTxBody(txBodyCbor: Buffer) => TransactionBody
parseTx(txCbor: Buffer) => Transaction
parseRawTx(rawTxCbor: Buffer) => RawTransaction
```

> The `TransactionBody` object mostly follows the CDDL, but sometimes makes small deviations for better DX, such as parsing certain tuples as objects, or maps as arrays because working with maps is cumbersome in JavaScript.

Reviewer: what's DX?

Author: Replaced by `developer experience`.

When parsing a transaction or raw transaction, fields other than the transaction body are only decoded from CBOR and are not parsed according to the CDDL, in TypeScript they have type `unknown`.

### `encode`
Takes a `TransactionBody`, `Transaction` or `RawTransaction` object and encodes it back to CBOR using canonical CBOR serialization format as specified in [Section 3.9 of CBOR RFC](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7049#section-3.9). Available methods:
```ts
encodeTxBody(txBody: TransactionBody) => Buffer
encodeTx(tx: Transaction) => Buffer
encodeRawTx(rawTx: RawTransaction) => Buffer
```

### `validate`
Takes a CBOR encoded input, validates it according to `CIP-0021` and returns an array of found validation errors.
The validation errors are of type `ValidationError` and we distinguish between *fixable* and *unfixable* errors. If the `validate` function reports:
* no *fixable* and no *unfixable* errors then the CBOR is already fully compliant with CIP-0021.

> * only *fixable* errors then a call to a `transform` function will solve the found errors and the *transcation* will be compliant with CIP-0021.

Reviewer: We should mention that tx length can be increased or decreased which might affect the minimum required fee.
```suggestion
* only *fixable* errors then a call to a `transform` function will solve the found errors and the *transaction* will be compliant with CIP-0021 (note: the length of the resulting CBOR might be increased or decreased which might affect the minimum required fee).
```

Author: I added the note to the `transform` paragraph.
